so if you drink caffeine every morning
at the first cup of caffeine that you
ever have in your life is gonna make you
completely wired and so what happens
over time is benefit caffeine every day
is your your body develops a tolerance
to that caffeine and then if you don't
have caffeine you feel really crappy and
even if you do have caffeine it doesn't
actually have you up it just makes you
feel normal guys with me so what what
video games do is they release that
constant stream of dopamine and then
what the brain does is actually down
regulates the response of that doughnut
so if you talked if you really look at
people who play video games like a lot
they actually don't have fun while
they're playing bang but it becomes
something like happy where if they don't
play the game they just don't feel like
the other thing that's really dangerous
that it does is it actually it makes
people and hedonic which means it makes
people have difficulty finding pleasure
from other activities and so the reason
for that is like let's say you read a
book in a book normally you can find it
enjoyable but if your dopamine circuits
have been so down regulated because the
intensity of dopamine release that you
get the intensity and consistency of
dopamine release you get from a game is
so high that like it down rate increases
your entire these Olympics circuit which
means things that you would normally
find enjoyable gamers have more trouble
finding jointly